{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252
{\fonttbl
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Tisa Offc Serif Pro;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Quire Sans Pro Light;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Arial;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red175\green70\blue39;
\red0\green0\blue255;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s1\li360\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs56\cf1\lang19465\level1 heading 1;}
{\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\level2 heading 2;}
{\s3\li1800\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs40\cf1\lang19465\level3 heading 3;}
{\s4\li2520\fi-360\kerning24\f2\cf1\lang19465\level4 heading 4;}
{\s5\li3240\fi-360\kerning24\f2\cf1\lang19465\level5 heading 5;}
{\s6\li3960\fi-360\kerning24\lang19465\level6 heading 6;}
{\s7\li4680\fi-360\kerning24\lang19465\level7 heading 7;}
{\s8\li5400\fi-360\kerning24\lang19465\level8 heading 8;}
{\s9\li6120\fi-360\kerning24\lang19465\level9 heading 9;}
}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\s1\li360\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs56\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f1\fs80\lang2057 Guided Arm Build\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f2\fs40\lang2057 Akbar Q \'96 Mechatronics Engineering\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s1\li360\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs56\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f1\fs80\lang2057 The Assignment\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0\qj {\f2\fs40\lang1033 You are a Junior Engineer working for a leading automation company. Your team has been tasked with designing an Automated Pick-and-Place System for a manufacturing client. The client requires a system that is efficient, cost-effective, and reliable. To meet their needs, you must examine how pneumatic and hydraulic systems are applied across industries and optimize the design of the robotic arm system.}{\f2\fs40\lang2057 \par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s1\li360\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs56\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0\qc {\f1\fs64\lang2057 Assignment summary\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0\qc {\f2\lang2057 Design Justification\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0\qc {\f2\lang2057 Design Optimization\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0\qc {\f2\lang2057 Reliability and Maintenance\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s1\li360\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs56\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0\qc {\f1\fs64\lang2057 Design Justification\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0\qj {\f2\lang1033 The client has asked you to justify your selection of sensors and actuators for the robotic arm. They want to understand why you chose specific components over alternatives, especially considering cost constraints. You\'92ll need to explain how your choices align with the system\'92s operational requirements and provide value to the client.}{\f2\lang2057 \par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s1\li360\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs56\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0\qc {\f1\fs64\lang2057 Design Optimization\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0\qj {\f2\lang1033 During testing, your team identifies some limitations in the robotic arm\'92s performance. The client expects you to propose design modifications to the control system to improve efficiency and effectiveness. Using MATLAB-Simulink or ROS simulations, you\'92ll demonstrate how these changes address the limitations and enhance functionality.}{\f2\lang2057 \par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s1\li360\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs56\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0\qc {\f1\fs64\lang2057 Reliability and Maintenance\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0\qj {\f2\lang1033 The client emphasizes the importance of reliability and minimal downtime. They\'92ve asked you to incorporate maintenance techniques into the system design to extend its service life and prevent failures. Your goal is to ensure the system is not only functional but also easy to maintain, with preventive measures in place to avoid unexpected breakdowns.}{\f2\lang2057 \par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s1\li360\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs56\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0\qc {\f1\fs72\lang2057 Moodle Access\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s1\li360\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs56\cf1\lang19465 {\f2 \par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0\qc {\f1\fs108\cf2\lang2057 https://wincedu.net/moodle/\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s1\li360\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs56\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f1\fs72\lang2057 Business concept\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f2\fs28\lang2057 Using our next-generation\'a0data architecture, we help organisations virtually manage agile workflows. We thrive because of our market knowledge and\'a0the great\'a0team behind our product.\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s1\li360\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs56\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f1\fs72\lang2057 Risks and rewards\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f1\fs36\cf2\lang2057 Risks\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f2\fs28\lang2057 New feature updates may not be popular with customers\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f2\fs28\lang2057 Lack of staffing in key roles could delay product launch\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f2\fs28\lang2057 Product will have more features which may require additional learning for customers\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f1\fs36\cf2\lang2057 Rewards\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f2\fs28\lang2057 First on the market\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f2\fs28\lang2057 Good publicity for the product so far,\'a0and we can build momentum from that scenario\par 
}\pard\plain\ltrpar\s2\li1080\fi-360\kerning24\f2\fs48\cf1\lang19465\li0\fi0 {\f2\fs28\lang2057 Product testing with high-value clients have shown no issues\par 
}
}